Notes:
   Are there any reliable beautifiers for PHP?

   How do you get PHP code to compile after the user has input data, and not before?

   Check out 'atoll'.

   Find a method of highlighting code and automatically commenting it.

   Array examples are always fruit it seems, and classes and objects seem to rely on cars.

   As far as I'm aware, objects, classes, and variables are effectively a group heirarchy. Objects are at the top, and going down variables are at the bottom.

   Understand more about functions.


Lecture:
    There is a difference between a single quote and double quote. 
		A double quote can interpret a variable properly. A single quote cannot. 
		
	A do while loop will always execute at least once (there never really is an instance in which this would need to be used.).

    The point of a while loop is an unknown amount of loops necessary. A for loop is a controlled amount.

    Remember --> the array index (first item) commences at number [0].

    Numerical array --> using numbers as an index.
    Associative array --> using whatever you want as an index (not number).

    Multidimensional arrays are arrays within arrays.

    A Foreach loop only works for arrays. The traditional loops do work for arrays as well, but typically a Foreach is better practice.

    POST is best practice for recieving user input.

    Bots can't see CSS, therefore you can have a 'display:none;' field that a bot might accidentally fill in. Therefore the PHP knows that a bot entered the form.

    PHP form to email:
        Sanitisation is removing any unlikeable code or special characters added into an input field.

        Email address and other email contents are embedded with how the form is to be recieved.

        Emails cannot be sent on a local host, it needs a mail server.

        It is law to allow people to opt out of automatic emails when signing up. The checkbox can be checked, but it needs to be unselectable.

        The output can be automatically compiled to become a CSV file. CSV file is 'Comma Separated Values'.

    To include a PHP file in a document, you can use 'Include' in contrast to 'Echo'. You can also use require, but if the file can't be located then the website will push an error.

    A method is a function that lives inside a class.

    Object orientation:
        Everything we've done is procedural. It is sequencing.

        Object oriented programming is effectively using methods to perform what needs to be done.

        An object is available when a class is situated inside of it, with a method inside of it.

        Object orientation helps with encapsulation.

        An object is effectively a variable type within PHP.

    A class that is referenced after a previous class with the syntax "class ' sub class name' extends 'class name'". This is an example of inheritance.

    'public' allows for usage of the variable throughout the whole program. 'Private' can only allow for variable usage within the class.