Notes:
   lit word: concatenate


Lecture:
    Every thursday evening we have an online live tutorial from 6:30 to 7:30.

    CRUD epitomises the fundamentals of database design. Creating, Reading, Updating, and Deleting stuff in a database.

    The roles of HTML, CSS, etc are amalgamating. Content, Styles, and behaviour.

    PHP is not behaviour, JS is behaviour. PHP, similiarly to HTML, is content.

    HTML is static, PHP is dynamic.

    PHP allows the content to change, HTML will always stay the same.

    Backend languages are used for every database backend. 

    'The Stack' is (for example) an amalgamation of PHP, Apache, and MySQL.

    Reddit's backend stack is Python and Flask as the server side language. It is a Ngnix server. That being said, the HTML, JS, and CSS are always the same.

    For linux, the backend is PHP, and the server is Apache, and it uses MySQL.

    PHP is pretty good. It has always been open source and a good community. 

    Code is displayed like:
        <?php
            // PHP code
        ?>

    This also works, but is quite dangerous (DON'T DO IT):
        <?
            // PHP code
        ?>

    PHP doesn't need a semicolon for the last statement, BUT it should have a semicolon anyway for good practice.

    Variables:
        Data types consist of: strings, variables, integers, etc.

        Arrays are also variable types.

        Modified camel case is acceptable. That being said, Wordpress uses underscores. Be consistent.

        The operations are BIMDAS (Bracket, Indices, Multiplication, Division, Addition, Subtraction).

        Variables are declared with a '$'. It doesn't need a 'var'. Example; '$car' is a variable.

        If a variable has been incorrectly established, then the client will just see a blank space. 

        'Assignment' is similiar to JS and everything else. '$varOne = 333'.

    'echo' is a method of outputting to the screen. 'print' is also a similiar one. They are effectively the same, but 'echo' is better.

    Double quotes or single quotes don't matter. That being said, be consistent.

    To add multiple variables and strings to output, use a '.'. Don't use a plus sign '+'.

    '**' is how an indice is displayed. 

    Surrounding a variable echo output with 'number_format(variable, decimal points, "", "");'

    If-else:
        '&&' is AND --> all of the statements need to be true.
        '||' is OR
        '!' is NOT 
        'xor' is XOR --> either one can be true, but if both are true then return false.
        
        IF statements are similiar to JavaScript and all other coding structures.

        Instead of using multiple 'if' statements, just use an 'if else'.

        There are multiple syntaxes in PHP that work. One takes after C and the other after Visual Basic. Personally curly brackets are more readable. 

        Switch statements can also be used, but requires a 'break;' after each line. Switch statements don't have a different syntax.
    







